[Music]
Hello friends, I Manoj Jaiswal
heartily welcome you to this video. Today
in this video we are going to talk about
ICICI Lombard's Health Advantage
Apex Plus plan. Yes, it is a health
insurance plan in which you will get many
benefits and the
premium will be very low.
We will understand the complete information about what
benefits you will get in this plan,
what special features the company has brought for you. Finally, we will
understand this plan and what will be the
premium in it by
going to the ICIC Lord's website. To
understand the complete information of this plan,
I would like to take you to my
computer screen. So let's go to
my computer screen and
understand what is ICC Lord's A Plus
plan. Now you have come to my computer
screen where we have
opened the presentation of ICICI Lord's Health
Advantage Apex Plus plan. First of all, let's
understand the basic details of this plan.
In the basic details, the name of this plan, as mentioned earlier, is
ICIC Lord's Health Advantage S
Plus.  The sum assured is minimum 5 lakhs and
maximum is ₹ crore. If we
talk about the policy tenure, then one year, two year, three
year, that is, you can also take a multi-year policy.
If you take a second year policy for 2 years, then
you get a discount of 10% on the second year premium.
If you
take a nine-year policy together, then
you get a discount of 15% on the third year premium. If we
talk about the room type, then a policy up to 20 lakhs
means a
single private AC room in a policy ranging from 5 lakhs to 20 lakhs. If you have
taken a sum assured policy above that, then there is no
room capping in it. Day care
treatment is covered up to sum assured.
Now let's talk about AYUSH hospitalization, it
is covered up to sum assured. Domus
treatment is also covered on sum assured. Now, at
last, home care treatment is
covered, but yes, up to 5% or maximum sum
assured on hospital.
Whichever is the minimum of these two will be kept. The same applies to
pre and post treatment.  Expenses mean
hospital which is called pre-60 days
and post-180 days. There, the refill
benefit is unlimited number of times
for any illness and yes, for Rs. 5 lakh per year,
apart from that, there are
unlimited times in the plan. In emergency road
ambulance, you will get an off sum of Rs. 1, maximum
hospitalization expenses are available at Rs. 00. If there is an
emergency air ambulance, then the covered
sum is Rs. 20, maximum
which will be 100%
and it will never be reduced. If
you have a claim, then if we talk about modern treatment, then
that is covered. Back
surgery is also covered till that time. Organ donor will also be
covered till that time. Now let's talk about
tele-consultation,
you get unlimited tele-consultation, which
you can take through any appointment doctor through ICICI company and
that too through the application. The
second benefit is that Rs. 00 comes with that.  There
is annual health checkup, so the annual health
checkup which is one, starts as soon as the first year
starts, after that
you get 0.5 off sum or maximum 000 on cashless basis, maternity benefit will be
10 off sum and maximum ₹ lakh, while
talking about new born baby expenses, then
twin vaccination of whatever maternity benefit is there, will be
1 off sum
insured or maximum 00, but yes, the
waiting period for maternity in this plan will be
2 years, if we talk about global coverage, then it
is available in the policy of 25 lakh and
above 25 lakh, but its
waiting period is 2 years and there is
no co-payment available in it that co-
payment will be required for vaccination, in this case
if the animal is white then you get expenses up to 00, in
this optional benefit
like maternity is available up to 10 off
Maximum ₹1 lakh 1845
is optional for this. If you want to take critical injury cover, you
can take critical injury cover. In this,
you get a sum of up to 50 lakhs. If you
want to take personal accident cover, then that
is also covered under it, but you have to pay extra charges for that.
Sum Inshot
Protector is also a rider. Claim
Protector Rider is available in it. At
Home is available, 000 per day. Benefit Rider is
also available. Compassionate
Visit is also available under it. In that,
you get 00 per policy year. Moving ahead, there
is no co-payment option in this, which means if you want, you have the
option. You
can reduce your premium by choosing the option which is kept at 10 and
20. If we
talk about the waiting period, then the initial
waiting period is 30 days. There is a
specific exclusion of 2 years.
Pre-assisting condition has been kept for 2 years.
Biotic surgery  It has two years of global coverage for
2 years. The maternity claim will
also be kept for two years. Talking about discounts, on
multi-year policy discount,
as I told you earlier,
is 10 in the second year policy and 15 in the third year policy. The
second vaccine
discount is 2.5. The
discount for adult members will be based on your basic credit
score,
up to 15.
Discount is available depending on the
credit score of the proposer. So, after
coming here, the
presentation is complete but we go to the
ICC Lord's website and
see live that if we want to buy a policy for someone,
what will be its premium? We have already come but we have written G Kam P A
ICC Kane P Plan. If we
click on it, we will come to this page. Here,
Health Advantage is open. So what should we do, we have entered adults.
We have two adults whose date
of birth we take, 171
1990  According to 1990, it would be approximately 322 or
3 years old. Now there are other adults, let's take them. On
15th November 1992, I
applied for them and added them. Now
they have one child whose date of birth is
taken.
16. Now ask for the mobile number, verification is done by entering the mobile number
and enter the email ID of the office.
I am taking the pin code of Delhi, you will
enter your pin code. I entered the optional name, I entered the
optional name, Manoj. If
you have any pre-existing policy, you want to
port it, then you will enter the option here,
otherwise you will enter the get code here. In
this way, if you go here and click get quote, then the
premium chart will appear in front of you. You
can buy online directly from here. Whatever
details are mentioned here, you will get all the details here. In
this way, you have seen how you
can see it, how you
can see the premium and by coming here, our
complete presentation is completed.
So this was complete.  In which
we explained the information about ICC Lord's Health Advantage
Apex Plus Plan, so how did you like this plan,
please do comment in the comment box,
if you want this plan to be
compared with any other plan, then
please do leave your feedback in the comment box, if you liked
this video then
like the video and share it with as many
people as possible so that they too keep
getting information about this plan, if
you have not yet subscribed to the channel then do
not forget to subscribe to the channel, in the end,
thank you very much for watching this video completely
[Music]